README.md, before:

# **Kiki's Bakery**

### _C# Basics - Week 8 Project at Epicodus_

#### Author: **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
#### May 8, 2020

### Description

_The purpose of this project is to create a C# console application for a bakery that accepts user order inputs given the options of bread and pastry. It is meant to demonstrate the use of C# elements including classes, namespaces, and auto-implelemented properties while considering best practices such as encapsulation and abstraction._

### Instructions for use:

1. Clone this repository from GitHub.
2. Open the downloaded directory in a text editor of your choice.
  (VSCode, Atom, etc.)
3. To install the REPL dotnet script, run dotnet tool install -g dotnet-script in your terminal.
4. Begin the program with the command dotnet run.

### Known Bugs

No bugs have been identified at the time of this update.

### Support and Contact Information

Please contact me with any suggestions or questions at jhvozdovich@gmail.com. Thank you for your input!  
_Have a bug or an issue with this application? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/jhvozdovich/bakery/issues) here on GitHub._

### Technologies Used

* C#
* .NET Core
* Git and GitHub

### Resources

* [ASCII Text Generator](http://patorjk.com/software/taag/)
* [Kiki ASCII Art](http://anime.en.utf8art.com/arc/kikis_delivery_service_3.html)

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **User is welcomed** | User Input:"dotnet run” | Output: “Welcome to Guchokipanya!” |
| **User is prompted to input their bread order** | User Input:”2” | Output: “Good choice! Bread is buy two get one free today!” |
| **User is prompted to input their pastry order** | User Input:”3” | Output: “You have an eye for deals!! Pastries are three for five!” |
| **The total cost is returned to the user** | User Input:”2 Breads and 3 Pastries” | Output: “$15.00” |

### Stretch goals
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **User can choose between different types of bread** | User Input:"Bread” | Output: “Would you like baguette, sourdough, brioche, foacaccia, or naan?” |
| **User can choose between different types of pastry** | User Input:"Pastry” | Output: “Would you like a pain au chocolat, crossant, strudel, cream puff, or a tartlet?” |
| **User can update their order** | User Input:"I'd like to change my order” | Output: “Would you like to update your breads or pastries?” |

#### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**

Commit message:

correct spelling errors and add Jiji art reference

README.md, after:

# **Kiki's Bakery**

### _C# Basics - Week 8 Project at Epicodus_

#### Author: **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
#### May 8, 2020

### Description

_The purpose of this project is to create a C# console application for a bakery that accepts user order inputs given the options of bread and pastry. It is meant to demonstrate the use of C# elements including classes, namespaces, and auto-implemented properties while considering best practices such as encapsulation and abstraction._

### Instructions for use:

1. Clone this repository from GitHub.
2. Open the downloaded directory in a text editor of your choice.
  (VSCode, Atom, etc.)
3. To install the REPL dotnet script, run dotnet tool install -g dotnet-script in your terminal.
4. Begin the program with the command dotnet run.

### Known Bugs

No bugs have been identified at the time of this update.

### Support and Contact Information

Please contact me with any suggestions or questions at jhvozdovich@gmail.com. Thank you for your input!  
_Have a bug or an issue with this application? [Open a new issue](https://github.com/jhvozdovich/bakery/issues) here on GitHub._

### Technologies Used

* C#
* .NET Core
* Git and GitHub

### Resources

* [ASCII Text Generator](http://patorjk.com/software/taag/)
* [Kiki ASCII Art](http://anime.en.utf8art.com/arc/kikis_delivery_service_3.html)
* [Jiji ASCII Art](http://chaos.en.utf8art.com/arc/kikis_delivery_service_1.html)

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **User is welcomed** | User Input:"dotnet run” | Output: “Welcome to Guchokipanya!” |
| **User is prompted to input their bread order** | User Input:”2” | Output: “Good choice! Bread is buy two get one free today!” |
| **User is prompted to input their pastry order** | User Input:”3” | Output: “You have an eye for deals!! Pastries are three for five!” |
| **The total cost is returned to the user** | User Input:”2 Breads and 3 Pastries” | Output: “$15.00” |
| **User can choose between different types of pastry** | User Input:"Pastry” | Output: “Would you like a pain au chocolat, croissant, strudel, cream puff, or a tartlet?” |

### Stretch goals
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :------------- | :------------- | :------------- |
| **User can choose between different types of bread** | User Input:"Bread” | Output: “Would you like baguette, sourdough, brioche, focaccia, or naan?” |
| **User can update their order** | User Input:"I'd like to change my order” | Output: “Would you like to update your breads or pastries?” |

#### License

This software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Jessica Hvozdovich_**
